Hardening: Make `mbedtls_ssl_get_verify_result()` default to failure (#10442)
ARMmbed/mbedtls: ChangeLog.d/verify-result-default-value.txt

Changes
   * Harden mbedtls_ssl_get_verify_result() against misuse.

>      Return failure if the handshake has not yet been attempted. Previously

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     Return that the result is not available  if the handshake has not yet been attempted. Previously
```
?
